# astra_plani


The Animae stake on a coordinate (at the moment 2D but exploring the tradeoff of a 3D coordinate system) and generate atomus on that coordinate. A portion Atomus is open to attacks and shielding from other Animae and astral bodies, while the rest will be "safe" and retrievable by the Ainma staked on the coordinate. This first layer of the Astra Plani will be interpreted at "inter-galactic scale" where coordinates represent galaxies and the Animae staked take the form of galactic gods.

Animae can birth ERC-721 Star Gods by burning/transfering Atomus at a coordinate point within its galactic coordinate (star coordinate layer). These sentient Star Gods generate and battle over ERC-1155 Elementa within the galaxies. Each of these stars can generate a set max number of sentient ERC-721 Planets depending on the Stars Mass. Planets are generated by sacrificing Atomus an Elementa.

The Planets are Soul "factories".
Souls will be used at an Astral Warfare layer for attacks and shielding of coordinates.
Souls will be used as utility token for integrated games within the Astra Plani ecosystem


## CONTRACTS

CODEX LOCI ( The laws of space)
- coordinate storage and view

CODEX MATERIA ( The laws of matter)
- Atomus distribuition on coordinatess
- Atomus withdrawal 

CODEX BELLICUM (The laws of war)
- Astral warfare mecchanics 
- Astral wargare accounting

PONTIS ASTRA ( The Astral Bridge)
- L2 Bridge contract

ATOMUS
- ERC-20
- Units of what is not Ethereal

ELEMENTA
- ERC-1155
- Used for magic system and to determin planet composition

SOULS
- ERC-20 (Maybe ERC-1155)
- Used within game worlds
- Burned for Astral Warfare

STAR GODS
- ERC-721
- Birthers of Elements

WORLD GODS
- ERC-721 
- Soul farmers
